Update how to share a pack or a game template (#289)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/community/sell-asset-pack-store/index.md

Setting the right price for your work is important. A lower price reduces your revenue share, while a higher price may lead to fewer sales. Check some products on the Asset Store to understand current pricing.

If your price is significantly above or below the average, the GDevelop team may contact you to suggest an adjustment.

!!! note

    Please note that if you would like to change the price of the pack afterward, you will have to get in touch with us.

## The License(s)

We suggest these licenses for your assets:

- **Free**: [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/), [MIT licensed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License) or [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
- **Paid**: Assets are covered by the [Asset Store License Agreement](https://gdevelop.io/page/asset-store-license-agreement).

!!! warning

    You have to own the rights to your assets. If an asset is flagged for infringing copyright after being accepted and uploaded to the store, we reserve the right to remove the entire pack or the asset and cancel all purchases that have been processed for it.

> ## Invoices Management

Author: ```suggestion
## Invoice Management
```

## Transaction Management

Every few months or when you have a significant number of sales, payments are sent to you through Stripe or [Tremendous](https://www.tremendous.com/catalog/).

- **Stripe:** Recommended for professionals and most EU countries. With Stripe, you’ll get access to a dashboard where you can view your transactions and invoices. The GDevelop team will create a Stripe vendor account for you. To activate it, you’ll need to complete your registration by providing your email address, home address, full name, and bank details. Once set up, you’ll be able to track all your transactions through the dashboard. Payouts to your bank account can be scheduled directly from Stripe, with daily transfers available.

- **Tremendous:** You will receive an email with a private link to claim your gift card or Virtual Visa Card.

GDevelop issues invoices. To do this, and to be eligible to sell on the Asset Store, we require the following:

- Your full name.
- Email address.
- An address in your country of residence.
- Bank details (Stripe only)

> - You need to be older than 13 years old. (According to [Stripe's terms and conditions](https://support.stripe.com/questions/age-requirement-to-create-a-stripe-account) users under 18 years old will need the permission of a legal tutor to withdraw their earnings.)

Author: ```suggestion
- You need to be older than 13 years old. (According to [Stripe's terms and conditions](https://support.stripe.com/questions/age-requirement-to-create-a-stripe-account) users under 18 years old will need the permission of a legal guardian to withdraw their earnings.)
```

## Asset Pack Storage and Safety

All Asset Packs are safely stored on GDevelop's cloud.
This way, we ensure that the files are available for instant purchase and in-app use.

## Submitting on the Asset Store

> First and foremost, we want to ensure the Asset Store remains a place of high quality and safe for everyone's use. Assets must be fully functional within the game engine to be eligible for the Asset Store.
> 
> Two types are distinct; follow the guide that interests you:

Author: ```suggestion
First and foremost, we want to ensure the Asset Store remains a place of high quality and is safe for everyone to use. Assets must be fully functional within the game engine to be eligible for the Asset Store.

Follow the guide that applies to your submission:
```
